[Doc] Add precheck-pr Claude Code skill (#4216)
vllm-project/vllm-omni: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!-- markdownlint-disable -->

> **Before submitting:** run `/precheck-pr` in Claude Code for a self-check against project conventions — catches dead code, missing benchmarks, and title format issues.

Author: ```suggestion
**Before submitting:** run the precheck-pr skill with code agent for a self-check against project conventions — catches dead code, missing benchmarks, and title format issues.
```

Author: Applied — changed wording to "run the precheck-pr skill with code agent".

- [ ] (Optional) Release notes update. If your change is user-facing, please update the release notes draft.
</details>

**BEFORE SUBMITTING:**

> - Run `/precheck-pr` in Claude Code for a self-check against project conventions — catches dead code, missing benchmarks, and title format issues.

Author: this line should be move to the top of this template

Author: Fixed — line moved to top of template.
